Hi.
We didn't this lecture we going to see how we can get the free stuff that comes with this curse and
in fact you don't have to do that right now.
But if you want to get free stuff before starting this course then you're more than welcome to do it.
So let me show you how you can access the free stuff and buy free stuff.
I mean the unlimited hosting package that comes with this course and it's worth something like 100 pounds
right now and it's limited to one year.
And in addition to that you will get a free search vacation for swift level one from the Cambridge search
vacation authority and also swift level two tests so you will hide some free enrollment codes in order
to come and take these certifications.
And on the top of everything you will get three hundred dollars worth of assets that you can use in
your apps when you try to do a good design.
I will show you then to use those things don't work.
But in order to get all of this free things you have to go to does that for each.
So you will find this web page you will find is your URL in the resources of this lecture or after this
lecture.
OK.
So when you click on it it will ask you to provide an email address and password and a you then use
your name.
So you're creating an eco that hosting account over here.
So it doesn't have to be exactly the same e-mail address and password.
Obviously with you to me but the using user name must be the same number to get your you them user name.
You can go to your Udemy page.
OK.
So let me go to you me.
Dot com and after you log in you can come to your profile from here and say View Public Profile.
So when you do that if you click over here you can get this part.
So in my case this is a teal some too.
OK.
And I have to include these dashes as well.
So I will copy this OK and come over here to paste in my user name so off to date I have to make sure
that my profile over here my public profile shows the courses that I'm enrolled in in order to make
sure of this.
You can come to your profile settings one more time and in the privacy section you will see an option
like that show courses you're taking on your profile page.
If it's not enabled in your case make sure it's enabled and saved.
Of course you can change this after you enroll to the eco web posting.
But before you enroll you have to make sure that this is selected in here.
OK after you do that you can just come over here and give some e-mail address and password.
So in my case I'm going to go for still some test at gmail dot com and for some password.
Let me give my own password over here like that.
OK.
And if I say sign up it will try to understand if I'm really enrolled in that course.
And as you can see now I'm signed up successfully.
So when you do sign up to this it will just ask you for these options.
So if you want to get a Getting Started Guide for free of course you can just enable this.
And I will just select them all because I want to receive some tips some documentation regarding to
all of this and then I'm just going to go to the same e-mail that I have already provided.
OK.
And I don't have any comments or suggestions at this point so I'm just going to submit it.
So once you do that it will take you to this Web site.
OK.
So this is Ecolab posting that code out the UK.
And over here you're signed in with your account.
So if you come to your account over here you will see your account summary.
And right now in fact you can add a hosting package and start with your free hosting package in this
case.
But there is a way to do that.
You have to do that when you try to create a website to market your app after you build your app.
I'm just going to show you exactly.
Then you should do that.
But before you start maybe you want to see all the free stuff that comes with the scores and in order
to do that.
If you come here to your account summary you can just click on this view and update my profile and you
will see your courses over here.
So we are interested in this complete IRS 13 developer course.
And as you can see we are signed up.
Now you can just reach the course by clicking on this link and it will take you to the Udemy link as
usual.
But if you scroll down you will see the course extras.
So there is a surprise for you.
You can get the how to earn ten thousand dollars while you're learning to code.
And this is a free e-book.
And this e-book is written by Rob Percival himself.
So I suggest you download it from here and read it.
OK.
While you're learning to code and under here you can find the IRS graphical assets worth 300 dollars.
And I will show you then to use it as well.
And over here you will find these CCAR accreditation IRS certification tests as well as you can see
you can just use this code in order to freely access your tests.
Over here of course you have to use your own code not mine.
And in this case I will show you then to use all of those things.
So let me open the course.
And after you finish swift learning phase in the intermediate swift section in the section aids when
you complete this section you will see these CCAR sweep level 1 certification.
So when you come over here to 19th lecture you can just click here to reach the service level 1 tests
and you don't have to do that when you first start the course.
OK.
You will see it then you actually finish the necessary steps necessary sections before you learn about
Swift.
There is no point to take this test because you won't be able to complete this test.
It's not that hard but it's not a piece of cake.
So you have to comprehend the essentials of swift programming language before you take this test.
So I will just guide you to this cause when you take this certification when you reach here you can
just go back to your eco Web hosting account and find your code and use it in your CCAR.
And after you complete the advance section of Swift I believe it's Section 17 Yep after you complete.
You can take the swift level to certification and you will use the exact same code one more time and
then you complete most of the sections you will find a section called How to make money from your app
and some way to do that is to market your app.
So there is a section dedicated to how to make a website for your app.
So in order to make a website you will have to find and help find a hosting.
OK.
So you will find a place to host your Web site in the section 24.
You can come back to your Ecolab posting to use your free hosting.
OK.
And for the graphical assets we have some dedicated design sections.
So it's the last sections introduction to design and design practice.
So we use free softwares in order to learn these design essentials.
OK.
So in the sections you can use this graphical assets or in any time actually if you need icons or any
other graphical assets you can just download it from here and try to make use of them.
So after you sign up to these Ecolab posting then you're ready to go you're all set up.
Now let's start and build some real IRS apps.